live how's it
going meeting's
build so um the big issue that we were
having here
was just the way that I
handled uh in the port the way that I
handled entity
spawning so I think what we're going to
have to do
do like kill entity or spawn empty or
what here
we've also had some issues
here while I think about it let me just
post this is a huge
milestone oops wrong one we do have
demos online
so let me think about this here the the
main issue that we have at the
moment is just a few bugs left in the
game from
um well I guess two different sort
is one is the way in which targets are
acquired and the other
is I think that the bigger one is the
way that spawning and respawning agents
agent actually hold
on when we respawn an
agent maybe we don't have to do anything
maybe just the distance checks and
attacks are
fine yeah because if I think about it
right like
um let's say the agent dies and then it
respawns but like it's still like it's
still targeted like the attacker is
still targeting it and it's still
targeting the attacker uh if they're out
of range of each other it doesn't
matter as long as I do the range check
mhm so maybe it is actually just that
easy now technically
though we still have some rendering mess
ups
um from the way that we're handling
the spawning
here so I think for now the quickest way
to fix this is just going to
be you do move to
Y and
well we have to try
something
so we're just going to set the last X
and last
y oh we do have the spawn app function
can you debug attack range as a
circle and see if some agent it doesn't
work that
way uh the way it works is that they
have like a targeting buffer and the
range checks don't happen every time so
I think that it'll be as long as
we I think that just like the attack
checks will fix it and then for now like
I want to
like I I have to rework the spawn system
at some
point but I don't think that that's
going to be
today I don't know I've been kind of
tired
lately um and like I looking at this
giant piece of code and thinking of like
high level how to restructure is not
going to be in the cards for
killed let's see what
happens when we do this
so let's grab the op
character and what we're looking for
here is if we have like weird Target
ranges of any
type yeah so that was weird right was it
not centered correctly there or is it
just
yeah you see it centered it on the
target for a second that's
weird and like this line is like you see
these like sweeping lines it's weird
right like what is it it's like
targeting z0 there
we do actually
have
and so funny I actually will like
consistently wake up in the afternoon
after I have like a chocolate chip
cookie or
whatever it's like just enough to get me
through the afternoon
okay so there's still like these lines
but what I want to see is if I let this
thing kill
me
right yeah so I insta respawn the map is
off by a tile but we know that the map
is off by a tile
anyways that's a separate
fix kind of weird how these towers are
positioned as well but no big
um I'm trying to think why this would be
the
case well hold on so I actually I know
so
it's when you attack something and kill
it
yeah if you attack something and kill it
it'll teleport to spawn or
well I do need to have a way to have a
death animation though don't I
well I think what we'll do for
now here this will be the Band-Aid patch
for now
we'll just do this we'll move this
down and what this should do is now
um yeah damage oh wait no it's the other
way isn't
it hold on I messed
up yeah hold on it's this goes here
and now this should actually fix the
glitches welcome YouTube
folks we're debugging this and actually
turning this into a fun game that makes
okay the targeting is a little weird
like it if you'll see like my AOE will
flash on on to the
enemy before it targets me which is kind
of Jank yeah like it just did it right
there like why did the target go onto
the
enemy but here at least we can see that
the uh like the attack lines or whatever
the
Autos the Autos are correct now and
they're not like
offscreen and then yeah I teleport
immediately to base on death which is
good I keep my level I keep my level but
my health is wrong so I have to fix that
what happens if I go level up once does
it fix my health it probably fixes my
health If I level up
right let's go find some
minions yeah there you can see I
literally just had to attack something
and now it has my health correct and now
I can heal to Max
go Max health max mana and
damage
and then we
damage and then we do when you
do when you
reset we set the level to one right
okay and now we
have so now I'm level two right so if I
go
int it's hard to even int on the tank
he's so
tanky and there we go my health is still
correct
right so now let's figure out some
render
imagine with sound effects totally not
necessary but fun I don't know about I
don't know if we'll do sound technically
we could try to like get some like gen
some sound effects or whatever for this
we will get some animations at some
point if I I haven't seen s around he
was the artist who was doing cool stuff
I'm completely volunteer so he has no
obligation to
but where's the
go here it
is I like this guy he's very silly
I have no idea what that statement is
but I okay I have no idea what that
question
not Target
radius like
this attack AOE
I'm trying to think where that this
would
happen like this AOE dot here
maybe it's in
step
air is not equal to
zero no this looked
correct kind of weird how these
abilities are then
it's let me see maybe if I just play
this a little bit I can figure out when
it
happens um the issue is that
like the aoe's are not always rendering
on the correct Center
so like if I play the tank here it's got
this cool
AOE yeah it just did it right there it
just uh it went
is it as soon as I go into frame with
them
yeah so the first
tick
yeah it's weird like it's like if I have
it if I'm walking in range with them or
whatever
yeah if I walk into range with them the
first
tick if I'm holding down this button and
I walk into range with them then the
first tick like you can see it jumps to
the
tower before it jumps back to
me okay let me think why that would be
I mean it could be something wrong with
this
hostile well hold on player Target
pit right here
I passed player to I pass player as
Target as well because it's supposed to
be self-targeted and then it aoe's
around
you and then what you do is you get to
scan in the
AOE and then you get to hit AOE scanned
Target but I set the target PID to my
own PID
here
right okay so this is line 849
right let's
just m.h
attack okay apparently we need to be
more
specific four
okay so now
we have our
tank this should be able to
show aha so right here I just triggered
and then you're going to see that this
is going to
flash on the wrong target
Okay so
creeps I guess that could make sense
right yeah that's a neutral index
but why is this the target
weird so what's happening is it looks
like it's basic attacking
this I think it's basic attacking while
you're using
abilities what's happening and see if
I'm right
we'll have to clean up that massive
logic yeah look at
good that's so much smoother it feels
like so much better when you don't have
like obvious visual glitches in the
thing this is like very
smooth like very chill farm
pattern we can use our
AOE there's still a couple skills that
need fixing but that's like dramatically
better
already when steam release huh that
would be really funny I don't know I
considered putting it on itch as a meme
like you know Tech demo or
whatever I like the uh the EQ combo like
they're actually kind of some legit
combos like
this right you got like the dash into
the
cool and your like your attack range on
those skills gets bigger I think as uh
it gets a little bit bigger as
well that's very nice
though so
yep so that's correctly fixed now let's
fix um the cursor is garbage right
can I just do like
get ra Mouse X
clicks because right it has to
be it's just pause.
X I would think that this would give you
the the white dot
do
[Music]
begin
mode
2D so begin mode 2D is
cursor kind of lags a little bit behind
you you can
see it's not good
this yeah you can see when I click the
little circle flashes
so we're going to put like an animation
there or something right
you have the little indicator now where
youve
clicked obviously it's just there for
like a frame so it's not great but you
can use it to like you know see where
your character is following and whatever
buff shoot I don't actually remember
what is uh the value was before I got to
go check
that we Giga buffed the tank and I
forgot where
um the original stat was
okay 25 + 2times
level yeah I just added a zero right
that would make
sense so now the tank is no longer giga
honest technically we could make it more
responsive
I don't like how uh when you press the
key it doesn't always go
immediately let me figure out why that
happens
I'm trying to think how I get around
this
we want this to be like the character
that you're controlling as your
character
I just do
if frame perent 12 is zero
play what
this yeah now the buttons respond
instantly there's like no way that they
don't respond
yep and then you have like the assassin
abilities right like
that and then I die because yeah but
this immediately feels so much
better it's hard to tell when you're not
the one playing it which is why I'm
going to just put this online in a
couple minutes here for you guys you can
play
it let me just see if I can fix the uh
the allocations here because we have
some
crashes tempting to free address that's
not Malik
and you do free
mobet
do
free
weights uh actually I think you can just
free the weights like this can't you no
three weights
weights void free
weights fre the data you free weights
still leaking tons oh gen
image hold
dater
canvas focus on this
one what is your thought process for to
know when something is slowing stuff
down you have to Time stuff unless it's
really
obvious you know certain operations are
faster than others and you
preferentially use fast Ops over slow
Ops when they're simple either
way but mostly you got to Time stuff I
mean in general it's like you know
dynamic memory allocations are slow
static memory is fast
right pre-computation and caching is
fast recom recomputing stuff is slow
the oh okay this is
actually I
see for
this doesn't have
data oh texture
ID
data you have to free this I
go so now you can see that we still have
a couple of these little leaks in here
right this is an internal X11
error I would like to know where these
56 bytes are coming
from um it doesn't give me line number
so I assume that this is some weird
internal thing but this is now this is
now
nicely and you're going to see how short
and easy this
smooth so
poet.
m.h MOA
doc for
is there an equivalent to site
reading
what I'm not sure I understand the
question to site reading
shoot to site reading sheet music if not
I don't know what that question is
so what we do with this right
is
copy build slst
HTTP
oops Local Host
right
100 Mana for this right maybe it's
150 either way though there we go
super fast and
responsive very
nice that's like so easy it's not even
funny
let's see if you guys can play it I'm
going to use the restroom it's going to
take a minute for that to propagate and
then uh you can try this out and tell me
if it's any good
I mean the RL agents are incredibly
stupid at the moment to be fair
right but they are
there see this guy's doing something
that's online hey guys come play
this come see if it feels better to play
now wait what did I I just see the uh
the attack go like off the screen again
I thought I fixed that
bug definitely way less common there
might be a couple ledge cases
still there we go what's this neutral
doing here get out of
here
now do a little burst damage on
them assassin class is like really
strong but it has no Mana at
all but watch this
Bo look at that chunk
damage here we'll let we'll just sit
here and let the uh we'll just space it
out and let this we'll just Auto
it and then oh see it's just like League
you gotta like it's like league and DOTA
you know you got to let your minions
take the tower for you and then
very smooth 60 yeah that's running on uh
one CPU core for the neural
Nets okay so there's something
definitely wrong with these guys like
zapping a little
weird I don't think I can can I get this
before it kills me I think I need to
heal a
little it might be let's see if I can do
it oh I got
it it should be
smooth dropping two frames right now
which is a little
Jank yeah look at the
puffers I like the way they path as well
like they look really funny how they
path and look it's not going to hit me
cuz these guys are closer so I can just
stand here and auto
attack but then I got to get out of
range because otherwise I Get
Zapped
Boop and now they aggro
here and like I can assassinate one of
them like
that just
Auto then we wait for uh we wait for
CD and then we take
Tower nice and easy it needs like a help
guide and stuff to show
you uhoh I got in over my head I don't
have Mana to
escape now there we go Oh look The Tank
actually actually made it look at that
the tank made it go on tank do
something go on
tank look at
go ah we
lost yeah it's just not jittering out of
this here cuz it's like I determined the
policy so I maybe I should implement AR
Max maybe I should Implement sampling
instead of
argmax that might help yeah they're just
getting stuck because of that that's
fine it's cool
though
11 now we should be very strong
right so I should just be able to like I
don't know if I can just kill a tower oh
but look at that we're strong
feels like an actual MOA it really does
like there no animations obviously yet
so that's super Jank but look at
guy there we
go why does my Q not fire oh my Q is
Minions only I forgot that's just that's
a that's
intentional Q only works on minions
got the move
buff I mean this [ __ ] actually works and
like this tank like the policies just
need to be better
right and then let's do assassinate on
the
tower we chunk the tower for like half
of its HP we're going to sit here and
auto and then I think we win the game on
the next uh assassinate yep there we
go it doesn't play the animations at the
end like for the last attack or whatever
cuz it just automatically knows that the
game was won so you know there are a few
little things that need to be fixed with
the UI and such but overall pretty
solid I think the uh the shaders need a
little bit of work like they're a little
jittery they feel smoother on the
desktop version for sure
still
though it's a
MOA it is definitely a
MOA I mean you can also you can try all
the characters you just press the number
keys to try them
all so like here this one here right
he's got like
a
this oh yeah this one's supposed to be
fun this one's like crazy
bursty q w
I don't know maybe we'll adjust the Mana
situation they've all got like Mana
problems this one is cool though because
I can jump in and do like I can do this
hold on
Boom we kill one there
that's very nice what else do we have oh
yeah this is the carry clam
right yeah yeah this is the
carry boom he's got like this like
retreat
attack he's got like this like little
AOE it's got a it's a very defensive
character because I can do like this and
I can get
away which is pretty cool so I can like
here I forget how much Mana this is let
me see so I can like get in right like I
can Auto I can Auto and then I can get
out so that's pretty
out needs a little bit more tuning but
this is solid this is a solid solid
starting point I'm happy with this
oop
Boop back of
that okay well uh yeah I mean I will
link this to people on
the the site this needs like a little
preview or something so that when you
play it you can
you can see
welcome YouTube folks
perfect hey uh I got a live demo for
people to try out it's on puffer I
GitHub
iio and uh right here you can try out
the Moa now with RL agents now the RL
agents are really bad because uh I need
to retrain them and all of our Hardware
is down but like they are here here and
uh they do get stuck on the
walls but you know I'm technically
playing with RL agents like there's the
tank doing tank things they get stuck on
the walls cuz there are a couple
differences between this version and the
version they were trained on but like
this is a
thing so you guys can let me know if you
find any weird bugs and stuff it needs
animations and such
obviously but it's pretty cool
also like the tiles are it's one tile
off like I think you're supposed to be
one tile higher than you are or
something but so far pretty darn solid
for a like a one week port
you can cold to drag it's like same
controls as any mooba pretty
much you can also press the num keys to
try out any character including the
enemy
ones and uh like I said we have to maybe
I should just see if I can fix the
sampling on the neural net right now
what do we think about
that I think that the policies will be a
little bit better if I at least fix
and uh I will do this while folks
potentially play around with the game a
little bit
dead and this is not good
we don't take big chunks of code
suggestions from GPT we write our own
code we only take the on Line Auto
completes so this is ARG Max at the
I think what we have to do is Lodge it
some
zero this
and
then what's the distribution it is soft
Max
right distribution we want is soft Max
right
yes so you want
XF
on do I not need to do log some X for
something for
this no that's for multiplicative I
believe I think for this one the numbers
should be small enough that it should
just work
good so what we're going to do here is
we're going to do a weighted probability
sample uh which should not be that hard
it's
and let's just for testing let's just do
BU
found found equals
true so found
some but this is a soft Max multi-
discreete sample
here is what this is
okay
budet
selects an action
and then it doesn't select
here and it doesn't
select any of
these oh because you have to do like
this
cumulative there we
go now works
okay so they don't get permanently stuck
anymore because they have some RNG you
can see they have some RNG in the policy
and look you can see that the tank does
things
yeah and then it's going to take this
Tower pretty
cool and then the tank is going to
lose let's go back to base
here are these guys just completely
stuck they get out eventually Maybe
yeah so there the now that they're
unstuck they go you
deployed non-deterministic action action
sampling is done and that should
actually match the P torch
implementation as
well I mean it does that one actually
doesn't have to match exactly precisely
but it's pretty dark I'm
that well this is still getting a little
bit of notice
um I guess the next thing is going to be
to train on this environment right to
train on this version of the N I should
kind of just leave it up in the
background so that people uh joining
stream can just see
it it's pretty
cool I can just put it as my
like hold on can I do this if I just
like put the browser window here
I can just have it behind me
right
yeah that's kind of
cool
um the really cool thing would be to
make the terminal slightly
transparent I'm tempted
to but yeah you can play it online now
it's fun um I'm trying to think the next
thing I think is going to have to be to
bind this environment
to puffer itself for training
that we should be able to do that though
that does involve some non-trivial stuff
I
believe with the way we do allocations
and
whatnot it's slightly
obnoxious oh yeah come to think of it
there are quite a few things okay that
will take a bit longer to get that type
of stuff
sorted let me think of what we can do in
the
meantime I'm kind of happy with the
progress on this the last few days and I
kind of want to do something
fun wonder where Nathan is we could Port
some of those
environments you know what we could
do I do have
I I will have absolutely no idea what
I'm doing in this space because I don't
do webd but
um technically we could set up a site
for I've got puffer Dogg as a domain so
we could make a site for the new game
environments and we could like make like
a little panel site for them that'd be
kind of cool
let me see how that would
work been wanting to do that
so apparently this is a
thing so why don't we do
[Music]
like I mean I kind of just want to try
doing
this so the only way I've ever built
these before is with um
Sphinx but like this can just host
arbitrary HTML and JavaScript and stuff
right
Jackle yeah I don't know if we want to
use this
is there any like non- disgusting way to
do like a basic website for this with
uh I mean the whole web stack is
disgusting
right I can probably just make like a
really cool single page HTML thing that
has all of the different games on it
right
good let me figure out how we do the
custom domain
thing
okay this is actually really
easy yeah let's have some
don't think CU there get ignored for
this I don't think
so
this I have to link these two things
somehow right
I should also probably just split the
screen so people can see what we're
doing or what we're trying to make a
little hosting thing
for yeah let's just put this up on the
side
cool people are already taking the look
at this and using this end
that's kind of
cool does anybody actually know how to
do this where you just configure a
custom domain for a GitHub page
cuz I want to make like a cool website
for
this well not really a cool website just
like a basic HTML page for
it so that I can put like side by side
all the different games on puffer
GG depends on the probably but I don't
know how to do it
and like I don't know what any of these
words mean because I'm not a web
dev uh I mean well I guess I am a web
dev
now my web stack is C does that count
do oh okay I see so you have to make
this Alias okay let me go I'm going to
pull up on the very on this side monitor
here I'm going to pull up my uh my
provider for this and then once I get
past like the sensitive information I'll
put it on screen and maybe some of you
will know what the heck is happening
here because I don't know any webd at
all zero zilch
provider I actually have a ton of random
ass domains here that I can use
there anything sensitive on
here I don't think
so wait puffer oh I clicked the wrong
one hold on let me get make sure I
clicked the right
one and then I'll show
you
okay I don't think there's anything
sensitive on here
so hi Sammy I was asking oh hey yeah let
me let me answer this uh I was asking
for Pixel output from MOA going to
compare sample efficiency
joint embedding predictive architecture
model based all on
pixels State space to be complex enough
and so I was thinking the state space is
plenty complex it's a MOA right
like I unless you have some crazy
environments out there like the stuff
here is going to be so much so much more
complex anyways um so like the main
observation in the Moa is like this big
3D
tensor that's a essentially like it's
not pixels it's like different data for
the tiles that are around you and stuff
in those
tiles you should be able to get
something useful out of
that I would
think and um I mean this is a
substantially hard environment right
like in the sense
that it's it's a PVP game that has a
bunch of mechanics in it like right you
can have a pretty nice ELO curve type
thing for these and we have some
experiments on that there's going to be
a lot more on that soon as well but our
cluster is currently down due to network
issues if you haven't tried this uh
though like play it online I just got it
working like the RL agents Run online
it's just they're getting stuck here
because they haven't been trained on the
exact version of the game um like CU I
ported the environment to see so this is
just like running the old train policies
but here if I get them unstuck right
like if I do this and get them unstuck
now you'll see that it'll start to do
stuff I might have to get it unstuck
from the wall here we'll
see yeah the tank will definitely do
stuff yeah there you go you can watch
the tank he does cool
things so this is like a little policy
that was trained and watch him do this
see he's learning to use skills on these
he's going to take the next Tower up
engage these so on and so forth I'd have
to train an agent for each player no you
don't have to train an agent for each
player um we just share the weights but
you they're used independently on each
player it's the same setup as like open
ai5 or
whatever different world model be for
each agent and compare elos I don't
think you need to do any of that stuff
honestly like the only thing that you do
probably need to do is actually like
track ELO over time and we have a demo
of that in the uh the main file for the
project for reference here this MOBA
environment runs it a million steps per
second so this thing is like a thousand
times faster than anything else you're
going to be
using so you have like you have
unlimited data with this thing you can
do 20 billion step runs on one GPU in a
research training on the GitHub yep of
course we
do we actually have uh in the demo file
here and it's so nice seeing this be at
1K Stars after all this work it's in the
dev Branch mind
you can see we have a little bit of code
here for ELO
stuff and uh it's currently hooked up to
carb sweeps so we do ELO over hyper pram
sweep um but there's also just like a
standalone ELO file eval elos here that
we
use it's not that
big so you can check these out and let
me know if you have any issues with them
I'm pretty much just always on here
deving so
fun add
redirect this is it right or
no 225th star for puffer glad it's doing
so well yeah I mean I hope it is right
because I'm I'm working on this fulltime
instead of like getting a job or doing
anything so I'd hope it's doing well but
uh didn't expect it to be doing this
well
oops it's pretty
cool
like you can look at the growth on this
uh so right here this is when I started
working on it
Boom the Twitter's also been good like
I've just been using Twitter for all
like the promo and my account has gone
from like 1.5k to
4.8 helps a
lot of course now I get to look very
stupid trying to like figure out how to
do basic web things but such is life
this is this what it is or am I wrong
here
redirect we're going to type this in the
chat jeppy because I literally don't
know what I'm doing
DNS
right Advanced DNS
tutorial
list a bunch of these
I think did they mess with their Website
Layout because I don't see these tabs
that they're talking
about oh it just got rid of them in this
that's stupid
okay I had to full screen it
can I not point to uh a page like
this what am I doing wrong
this a
record and then the this is
at and you put the
GitHub URLs in
okay so I did
that save all changes
there no save all changes button but I
saved
them
individually
okay so now these are
saved and now I should be able to
uh do this check
once once this is set up
right and in the meantime I can actually
build this site a little bit so all I
want to do right is that we
have we have a few of these games and I
just want to put them all on a basic
HTTP
page so
it'd be super cool if I just wrote the
whole thing in rib but I think that's
going to be a little bit
ridiculous yeah CU then you have to load
all of them right well maybe
not we can just do for now though
I guess what I do is
here we're just going to use trat GPD to
make stupid basic stuff because I don't
know how to I don't know I literally
don't even know how to do HTML
properly
uh build Crazy Fast MNC no problem make
a web page I don't know
but I want to have a cool little site
for
this me
uh basic
HTML
page that has two side by
side uh
box
clickable boxes with labels that link to
or that's fine
right yeah that's
so it is
Ser root
page is it index HTML yeah that's all it
is
du. HTML
that
paste what's up YouTube
folks we
are uh being incredibly stupid about
making a web page
here cuz I don't know how to do it but
we're going to get this is already
online but I want to have a little web
page for
it so Local
Host example domain
example
domain
easy so now I guess we got to get some
gifts or whatever to use as the labels
on
this to use as the boxes so we'll like
have like a repeating gift or something
for each
en yeah this is going to be be fun um
for folks who just got here what's going
on today is this is playable online puff
Geto this is a little MOA written in
pure C and these guys are not very smart
at the moment because we need to retrain
them I train them on a slightly
different version of the EnV but here
like if I uh if I make them if I get
them unstuck from the walls you'll
actually be able to watch it like go and
farm stuff these are neural Nets written
in pure C lstm CNN MLP type policy and
uh they're pretty cool at least you know
they get stuck on the walls because
there's a version difference but if you
get them unstuck you can watch them do
cool things and as soon as we get our
cluster back online I'm going to start
figuring out how to train them on this
version of the EnV but in the meantime
I'm kind of burnt so what we're going to
do is we're just going to make a cool
little page for uh this environment and
then the other one I have which is snake
here so that we can have like a little
demo site for them and I have absolutely
no idea how to do that cuz I do
literally zero webd so we're going to
have fun with that I'm me use a restro
be right back and then we're going to do
cool so we need a couple things
we
need a gift of
this
right let me think how we're going to
get gifts of
these maybe we like sub them in with
gifts at the end and we'll make like a
static site
static like
this ah whatever we'll just copy
now now we
uh admit that we don't know what we're
doing and we get shot GPT
to T
images jeez
go wait literally where did I I just had
that on GP jity before I don't know
where it
and
snake and
okay hey look at
that uh the only thing is that these get
like
squashed and I don't like that
actually it's a vision model right so
can I just do this
does I don't know this is kind of like
just a big meme to me because I can't
actually imagine developing anything
substantial like this I mean it would
just be kind of
ridiculous just imagine like copy paste
deving like
thing
right it goes to an example
uh so the Border padding is
huge so we should just be able to mess
with this ourselves now and like figure
stuff out right
oops so we'll just run a server from
here and we'll like mess with
stuff and then we'll just like refresh
the page is this what you're supposed to
do I don't know why this amuses me this
much
oh okay you can do like
10 and it like it's less
rounded right
and then you can do like
five and oops
five and then now it's reasonable and
then the Border padding is like
ridiculous
right that's
100% that does not look like 10
pixels there we go
cool and on Hover it does opacity
to 08 I guess is what it
does and just
like yeah there you
go for some reason this is just like
incredibly amusing to me
there we
go like that
hey bet how's it
going thank you for the reminder yes
please do star the puffer it helps us
out a ton is puffer AI hiring not yet it
is a uh this is currently like a slow
roll indev company I'm not taking
funding early on um so basically once we
have revenue and revenue is growing then
we will look at hiring but at least in
the early stages I want to do this
bootstrap I don't want to be messing
with funding so for that reason not
hiring initially probably the most
likely progression of events is going to
be like I keep working on this for a bit
and getting some initial clients uh
Puffer get some Revenue puffer invests
in a better hardware setup like a better
cluster uh and then start sponsoring
open- Source work as well as academic
research uh and also starts putting
together like bounties for stuff so that
will be the initial way people get paid
like you know side project type sums and
then eventually you know we get more
Revenue we start hiring
and thanks bet yeah 1K on puffer is
amazing I'm very happy with it we're
doing silly things at the
site why the heck did it put this label
here what the heck did it
do uh
bad oh actually maybe it's not
bad no it is bad it's totally bad right
maybe yeah I just I got this stuff
running online so I figured like ah
let's make a little web page for it and
I have no idea what I'm doing there so
like literally chat jiying basic
HTML but you know who
cares I'm allowed to have a little fun
I've written like 5,000 lines of C in
the last two
anyways yeah but it's the thought of
like using jippy to do anything that's
just like meme
okay but like this looks bad if you like
if I'm assuming that if you do this it
looks bad right yeah that's terrible
making GPT on bad on purpose to paper
and more
tokens I don't know
maybe I mean I probably have gotten
enough sample text that I can just learn
how to do stuff here
right I don't know why it puts this
does somebody want to explain to me why
this title is not at the top of the page
like I just call my web
guy yeah but I'm just I'm chilling
having a I'm just chilling messing
around with this
right it's freaking HTML how hard can it
be
can I use puffer for
rhf I had somebody else ask me that
today like
maybe but
uh I mean rhf is a it's a much simpler
problem in many ways compared to all the
RL stuff here right like the key things
that we need we have like Ultra fast Sim
we have like good hyperparameter tuning
on lots of fast experiments we've got uh
fast like multi-process environments
like all that stuff and like really good
compatibility with fancy observation and
action spaces so
I don't know maybe if you're rfing
something where you need like OBS and
action space support then this could be
useful but it's definitely not designed
for that in
mind I figure there a million people
doing rhf
already I generally don't like doing
things where uh somebody else will do it
if I
don't hello I just joined how's your
current project doing see for yourself
in fact play it
yourself you can play uh this MOBA game
here now these agents are pretty dumb
because they uh they were trained in a
slightly different version of this
environment so they'll get stuck here so
you got to like hit your number keys and
like get them unstuck that'll be fixed
as soon as we
retrain um but yeah they're pretty
cool and like once you they do that look
you can see this guy's attacking Tower
they do stuff see for yourself maybe it
was a joke if I'd intentionally made
that joke though I should probably be
shot you
know yeah there you
go and now I'm making a really dumb
website for it
which is ironically like I know how to
do all the Sim stuff I have no idea how
to make
websites I don't know do you know why
this text isn't on the top of the
page I don't
something is it
like this
oops is this a
thing no
didn't do anything
right so am I just
wrong
oops so I'm just chilling happy to
answer some random RL stuff while I'm
doing this this is like this is is just
pretty silly
work I'm mainly just having a decent
time with this cuz like I've literally
never done any webd at
all
so just like playing around with silly
things like this is is funny ah okay so
this is not even like compiling
compiling been a bunch since I've been
with RL Transformers taken over people
use nisam Transformers haven't taken
over there are a couple Niche spots
where they've been useful but they take
up a lot of memory and also it's really
obnoxious to use them with um the way uh
data is collected
in RL like the way data is collected
online it's really obnoxious to use
them I think that more generally like uh
lstm is probably going to be fine for
temporal and then the place we'll use
Transformers is we'll use them in like
we'll use like spatial Transformers most
likely and when you say still using lstm
stuff keep in mind one layer lstm sols
DOTA
so can't be that bad
bigger this is good
image got label
your fish has beat me D if the fish has
beat you now wait until we actually
train something
okay this is where you switch models
because
like yeah GPT is just not going to it
just doesn't
know the heck it just
okay we have eight people watching
probably all of which whom write code
why is this not on the top of the
page I do not know what I'm doing in
this space I have these awesome Sims
they are online I just to make a basic
web page for them why does title not go
to top of page
for okay I should probably never Google
basic HTML stuff right it's like going
to be Noob city of dumb answers
definitely try this puffer game out
though it's puffer AI get
habo see how the puffers do for you
sometimes you got to get them unstuck
like this but uh let's see yeah there
you go there they go
see
ha it's an aggressive
puffer oh we got to save our teammate
here take the T power nope didn't have
the
damage uh do we just host these do I
just move the hosting of these into here
I
guess I should be able to do that
right I've been asked to help what's
your problem well the the problem is I'm
really dumb when it comes to webd I've
literally never done any so uh I have
this awesome thing and uh I'm like I'm
just trying to make a really basic
website for this yeah welcome as well
and
uh I literally can't figure out how to
get the title to the top it's that
dumb and GPT can't
reading title is the words on the page
tab yeah
this are you talking about a heading
yeah this is supposed to be up
here and for some reason it's like
tab two
clickable what is oh that is a
title where does this get used does this
get used
anything I don't see this
anywhere this is good Joseph being
confused at very yeah I mean you can see
if you put me in like an environment
where I have zero experience even even
if the thing is very basic I'm not going
to know what to
do no harm in
that open the HTML page you are on Local
Host you mean you want the
right open the HTML file in your browser
oh okay um it should be synced I would
think but
maybe I don't know what I'm
yeah no it's the changes are updating
like I can change it and refresh and
like I'll see that like I can make stuff
larger or smaller or stuff it's the same
code like
here watch what happens if I put this to
300 and just write the
file and I can can also do this on Local
Host right and I like you can see the
changes are here and I can just undo it
and then refresh the
there that's the name it shows up oh I
see
there inspect
it like uh you
mean like the dev thing like inspect
element or
whatever uh
uh how I do
that elements maybe is it like
this select the H1
element okay
hit the arrows to expand the
tree this is the tree
right your body is an a flex container
so that's probably yeah like how did it
do that
though so anything is gets flexed okay
so how do I not do
that
this oh
H yay thank
you very
nice and
then I guess I can put the text to the
left or whatever
never apply style to the
body I mean this is literally like I
think I did some HTML once based off of
a template like when I set up my CS
website years ago that's literally the
only time I've ever done it so you can
this is me have this is what it looks
like when I have absolutely no idea what
I am doing
didn't you ever have a
neopet uh I didn't yeah but I was too
dumb to like actually change anything
with
really I do not know why that
happens HTML confuses me
everything is a box model well like I
can't I can set the withth auto but I
and I can set the withd auto but I can't
swap
these like when I swap these it does
crazy things
right oh
wait this is
there we
go so now these are the same width
they're just not
complicated I don't know that's what GPT
spit out when I asked for like a basic
basic web page immediately
like how do I
do ultra basic
call I think the two call was better to
be
now we have oh I literally have the HTML
here don't
I yeah right
here I forgot about that oh no wait
these are
banners uh but I have all of it here I
have the videos as well
paste source is going to
be
static what is
this hey look at
that that's snazzy
how do I have the how do I have the page
designed on my
immensely I could put him at the bottom
of the
page and like full size him
do can I like align this to the
right bigma is very good for design
but like the thing is it's a very good
tool for prototyping design right but
the thing is you can't fix stupid with
no sense of
ah I always say that like
you know my sense of Aesthetics just
stopped developing at age like 14 and
super edgy you should see some of the
earlier website designs like it was high
contrast it was very high
contrast how do I align
this is it it's a line right or
something
Flex is justify
content this is
not I guess this isn't flex but maybe it
should be I don't know what's the point
of the flex container does it handle
like padding and stuff for
you oh I literally have this wrapped
inside of inside of a center right
something can I just do like
right probably not right
div class equals new
class div class
equals a
line
right let you do
style
equals text Al line right so I can
style equals text Al line right so I can I just do div style
I just do div style
equals okay hold
on text Aline
right does this do
it oh there he
goes
yay so the reason I was going to do
this right is cu now I can put him back
at the top of the page and I can put the
title to the left
then then I put this in here or
something
nope do I have to use like a container
thing in order to get them to
be stacked next to each
other is that a
whatever
okay then you do
okay so divs are columns see I didn't
know that divs are
columns
oops also the HTML seems to use
different tab spacing than I'm used
to div is generic used for yeah I know
it's used for everything
and then what do you do is
like can I like Center it down or
something so that it's on the same and I
guess H2 is huge oh jeez yeah this
didn't work at all
right why is it like
okay and then this needs to be aligned
downwards or something
text nope that does text a line but I
how do
I with equals 100 yeah I got that now
how do I get this text down to the
middle
Flex
properties
it a yeah I'm going to have to read some
docks I am aware
then what do you do you just type some
text or whatever
and then it doesn't apply the
format align item Center on the flex
see well hold hold on something messed
up
there something was
useful Direction
column this Flex Direction column seems
to be
useful now this
I don't know I think it got it right I
don't
and then what I can do is I can take
this stuff
here and I can put
it I can put this here
right I
that and I just have to figure out what
to actually write there for
you can use inspector to
ulate oh that's
useful I
see then I do have to sync this stuff
instantly yeah that would probably be a
good
idea but then I have to remember to copy
this stuff okay let let me try it your
way
container you do like
this div
can you like drag stuff around you can't
though
see I'm very silly with the way that I
like to edit things uh I don't mind the
hot reload would be nice but I really
like I like how I like my freaking text
and
Vim I like my text and Vim
Vim is useless what how's been
useless I wrote all these freaking
environments in it how can it be
useless what you mean for like hot
reload or whatever
for development in general oh that's not
true that's definitely not
true I used vs code for a good year or
two and hated it
highlighted
wow this is just a fun little project I
don't intended to have that I don't have
intended to have all that right
wrong Tex needs to go into text
element B is
formatting span
oh is there not like isn't there like
body or what like
oh I can just like literally control R
yeah I don't think it needs gold
best mobile I've ever played no death
screen
action thank you yeah I mean I the hope
is that like once we add the animations
and balance it and stuff like it should
at least be mildly fun to play like it's
not going to win any awards it's not
even going to like get any purchases if
I were to do that but like it's going to
be at least mildly fun to play and it's
going to have some really cool RL and
like it's literally a thousand times
faster than everything that people are
using in RL right now use classes for
CSS when you write
rules you am impacting the way the Box
models work can you tell me about your
puffer game well I mean this is one of
them there's another secret project
that's at least as big as the Moa that
I'm in the process of ping to see so
you'll hear about that one soon but this
one here you can play it right here um
this is a stupidly high performance MOA
game it runs a million agent steps per
second uh it's written in pure C it
compiles to web assembly and it's like a
miniature version of League of Legends
or DOTA they're five different
characters I can switch between them
like this and you'll see that there are
a couple issues with the neuron Nets at
the moment because uh I need to retrain
them but like look you can see that this
guy's running around and if I switch to
this you'll see the AI will take over
this character and look we can follow
the AI around this is a trained neural
network and yep there he goes he's
engaging right you saw him dashing and
engage now he's using an AOE this is the
tank for us we've got our heal you know
we can use our
abilities we follow the tank in battle
and so on so it's like a little
miniature
MOBA it's got creeps it's got neutrals
it's got Towers it's got levels it's got
abilities five unique characters
and it runs very very fast for
training that Baron yet no it does not
have a baron or a
Roshan we might we might do that based
on popular demand though now it does use
like 500 Megs of memory um but half of
that is going to pre-computing pathing
data so technically I could not do that
for the web version uh but yeah it'll
pre-compute 250 Megs of pathing data to
make it Ultra
fast is five 500 Megs is a lot for a
browser tab isn't
it yeah so this m is like 2,000 lines of
C uh and we're adding a lot more C
environments as well we have
four more no five four or five more
currently in
development actually six some of them
are very simple some of them are very
complex yo bet maybe we should Port the
really dumb ocean environments to uh to
this so we can just like run them on on
here I don't
know maybe should we should do like
multi- page or something so you can just
have them all running in one page I
don't know almost done with spaces I
mean this will be a fun little exercise
for you learning how to compile them and
set them up
right second OBS says mobile with AI oh
yeah this is uh reinforcement learning
you want to see if you want to see the
real cool portion of this this is a
convolutional neural net with long ter
lstm plus a you other things uh running
on One Core in your browser the neuron
Nets are implemented in pure C they're
trained in pytorch but then we load them
into PC so that they run in your
browser now they're not very smart at
the moment because I have to retrain
them but like oops I forgot this is not
the live one here these ones are a
little bit
smarter ah I have the wrong version hold
on yeah so these ones are a little
smarter you can play against the snakes
here and they're a little smarter but
actually we need to upgrade them because
I nerfed the snakes cuz they were too
good but I think we're going to upgrade
them how long does training take
minutes I guess you can it depends like
you can do really long training runs if
you want but to get like competent
policies minutes it trains at like it
trains at hundreds of thousands of steps
per second it's ridiculously fast that's
the deal with
puffer you get speed
ultra high perf
[Music]
I think well every aspect like the whole
thing is designed from the ground up for
the
perf I mean you can look at the
environments that are commonly used in
RL research and there it's like
scientists writing terribly optimized
naive
python so huge huge differences in
Diablo well I yeah you could get it to
do the combat very very easily like the
full game and like doing all the item
system and stuff would be
harder we also don't have like an a game
we don't have a binding for it right we
need to have like a standalone Sim that
we could bind
are we doing Diablo
next I don't know if we have the game
like I don't know if we can get like the
game for it as the hard thing
there I was thinking Doom why not have
it play Doom we could shred Doom we can
run Doom 100,000 FPS
go why is the puffer this small now
though
oh because this all has to go in a div
right hold on this has to all go in a
div
yeah I a stay H1
tag
oh yeah you're right I do
equals hold
on oh wait no I'm dumb here
right
yeah I'm dumb I just have I don't need
this one at all
and
then
style this
align I probably just don't have this
aligned correctly
the whole thing is a mess but it's Vim
well Vim is not the issue it's like I
don't have this set up remotely at all
for
Python how else you think I wrote the
whole
MOA MOA is like a good 2,000 lines of of
uh not scyon it used to be scyon good
2,000 lines of see
do you got code
share no what's that
right in the same
dock oh I see no I don't have any of
that
sure like yeah clearly so the reason
that this is a mess obviously is like
the wrapping is God awful
right like I would have to have this set
up for
um for
that's why I was trying to fix all of
the uh the indents and
stuff paste it
here all
right let me paste this to you I'm going
to use the restroom real quick as
well if you want
oh I see what you mean it's like just a
browser thing okay
cool uh I'm going to use a restroom real
quick I'll be back in like one minute
and I'll keep going on this for a
anything okay
the high Dad's plan is that's
funny cute
trick oh you just formatted all this
didn't you or wait
no
uh what am I looking at
here also let me grab this restream
just fixing my garbage HTML in real time
thank you
I did have the HTML already for our
um this portion took me a while to
figure out that you
needed you needed separate sources you
needed a webm and an mp4 because it
won't play on iPhones or
whatever
otherwise let me see what you're doing
here so Flex
container Flex child
okay and then Mobile's a whole
thing well that was the only change I
had to
make that was really the only change I
had to make
is it not a thing to like split lines in
HTML that's just not a
thing you just like have these giant
wrap yeah but like naive wrapping is
really gross right because it starts all
the way at the
left I guess Oh you mean they probably
have like block wrap or something it's
probably like a nicer wrap
at why does it only show 1K it doesn't
show our exact Stars
we're probably going to have to redesign
the uh not the puffer but like the
animation on the right side to like not
have other logos in it at some
point we'll probably have to like come
up with something else for him to inhale
while you're doing that let me see if I
can figure out the DNS
Shenanigans so we can have this hosted
properly
five minutes yeah no worries UNSC
scrabbling all the markup divs closing
Rand All Out All yeah randomly yeah
that's totally
fair all right DNS check is
deploying it's just deploying the read
me
GG at some point I might merge puffer
doai with puffer AI GI
hub.io just so they have the same um you
know I might just like put the business
stuff somewhere on the
see I don't think any of the users would
fault me for having like you know
advertising support packages on the main
page right
remember it was like a two column format
as
well yeah like this this became one
column at some point let me
see if I can see why
yeah so like this is going to
be okay you're pasting it around okay
I'll give you a second then yeah you're
going to take a
second I'm not sure if you're in the
Discord already uh or if you use Discord
but we have discord.gg
puffer there's all sorts of cool stuff
happening you know who I haven't seen
lately where is
he's okay well look I only I don't help
with self-inflicted bug bugs
uh self-inflicted bugs are outside of my
perview
right exceptions made for like companies
on support packages maybe
maybe but I have a I got a lot of people
to message back like Hey we're
officially
live for
right like put
this in
nope I don't know how to side by side
them uh
page oh no he's huge on this page I
guess yeah I probably should rework
this try grabbing all that hold on let
me check
different
so it's very close now
it
needs this needs margin and it needs to
be centered with the puffer I think
right still
tweaking way better
needs just needs some margin here and
it's good I
think
right yeah
funny okay that's
good and
probably these things should scale as
well
right so
like box
oh let play around with
this
though the links work I hope that goes
to my
ex no
worries we'll do some cool stuff with
this I'm going to have to get like some
gifts or whatever
let me you know what I should have been
doing while you're doing this
Co let me see if I get this to work
here static
that
works so let me add these to the the
code shared version for
you there should
be
this it's pretty
cool that just that easy right cuz like
the game files
literally the game files
are like
this it's just this is autogen as well
it's it's really just theum and then
it's just m script and builds like this
garbage
but it's just web
assembly and look like that's how fast
they load as
well no loading
screen compiles no it it doesn't
translate the whole thing into JS that
would be very slow so it's C uh it
compiles web assembly and then if you
look in here it's just a little wrapper
like
I guess this is not a little rapper this
is a giant
rapper but uh this
is I don't know what the heck this is
honestly m scripton is weird I don't
even know why you need this to be
honest like I really don't even know why
you need all this
garbage maybe can you compile stuff
without M script and I
know just build straight web assembly
and include
slick so what this thing does you'll see
um the the little lag at the start it
has to allocate a bunch of memory um but
then what it does is it'll like it
actually will get a little faster over
time as well cuz it starts pre-computing
pathing data for
you like the pathing is the slow
part we'll turn these into gifts as well
once I record some good gifts
I know is there a better
font maybe not let's use Ariel
this nothing I just was I just didn't
know if you had You' made any if not
then what I'll do is
fine why does it not have uh the build
on it
here let me order some food on the side
here because I'm getting hungry
okay there we go same going for dinner
well thank you uh I hope you'll swing
bya Discord and stuff like there's lots
of cool stuff around here I'm pretty
much streaming all this stuff constantly
and there's some cool Dev going on here
for sure it's usually not me messing
around doing things I have no idea what
I'm doing with
um but yeah now that this is online like
we're going to start training some more
models on this uh and we have lots of M
that can go on to here I figured that
making this little thing would motivate
some of the people that are contributing
M to uh to do more you're trying to get
in into that you're in the right place
definitely in the right
place is this thing ready
yet I don't long does it take to deploy
this well
uhoh that didn't
work did not like load the assets for
some
reason I think it didn't load the Assets
in where' they
go what did it say it
added it says it added everything
uh is static a public d i how do I know
I don't know I thought I thought
underscore static was like a special
location where should I put it if not
paper about using a Transformer instead
of an
mdp
means MD a Transformer is a model
architecture marov decision process is a
way of framing a
problem yeah that that's something
completely different that's offline
reinforce learning which would be like
another way of offline reinforcement
learning should have been named not
reinforcement learning cuz it's not um
it's basically it's supervised
learning and it doesn't work um if you
don't have data you need to have like
expert data for to do anything it's
basically imitation learning though not
really but similar sort of
scheme okay then you know my bad I get a
lot of like brand new people to RL in
here right so like I correct things
is it supposed to be relative paths like
not with the
slash okay let me try both is it
do you is this a thing like where it
needs to
I probably don't need underscore static
that was like a build thing from the
previous project
slow still doesn't
work why
now it doesn't look like
it maybe I have settings
I don't understand like why the path
is it should be a relative path
I think there's like some weird setting
where it like ignores underscore prefix
or
sure yeah I'm so happy we hit a thousand
freaking Stars that's a huge
milestone can we just like Scribble
across this and just write right
work this folder is like private or
something right
docks ah hold on I messed it up because
I have to let me try something real
quick real
you see it takes wish it would just
deploy instantly
heck oh well that's
awkward for
ah you see it needs to have the uh the
relative
paths that's why that one
works so it was the relative
paths where's my food I'm starving
going to be here in like 10 minutes see
if I fix it by then
come
on
name okay it had to redo this because I
moved it to docks
[Music]
working hey look at
that
website
solid thank you for the assistance
that's awesome awesome we got a little
basic site up for
puffer
GG yeah swing by uh swing by streams
like tomorrow or Friday or
whenever there'll be more AI stuff
around here for
sure hold on let me UHS
I get the right
Nathan yeah
cool all right well I've got a coming in
a second here so I mean we got some
stuff done today we
have this MOBA now working in deployed
running the agents
online we'll have to train some better
ones right we can do that
tomorrow potentially we'll have to like
hook up the bindings and stuff it's fine
but we'll finish this stuff uh maybe
we'll like work on porting some of the
other M that other folks have written to
see and getting them
online but yeah this is this is looking
very very
nice that's pretty
fun so
yeah buffer.
lunch all right thanks folks um all this
stuff is free and open source it's
available at
puffer AI or puffer lib on the GitHub
you want to help me out start the
repository it's all I really ask I also
post all this stuff on Twitter my
Twitter is RL not like politics and
memes and [ __ ] so we've got like
some content on here especially this
video I highly recommend if you're
trying to get into reinforcement
learning I highly recommend this video I
made it for that purpose it's like a
whole overview of the field of RL and
what I think is wrong and what I'm doing
about it right now so I'll link this in
the chat and other than that thank you
very much and see you tomorrow